I had this made because like everyone in the world I was sick and tired of having to transfer and mount firmware img files to do something we never used to have to do. All because they switched over to F2FS. I'm lazy so I wouldn't even bother if it wasn't something I couldn't do on my own device using termux. I decided to use AI and explained the situation to Claude and what I would like to be able to do and in about half an hour I had a finished and debugged code that successfully sees into unsparsed f2fs file directories and exports individual files with no dependencies besides python or any privileges right in termux. I don't think a tool like this exists so I decided to quietly release it publicly on github in the hopes that people will find it and it will be helpful to the development community as a whole. I included a small write-up with commands or you can just run python fuck_f2fs.py by itself to see the args. I'm also going to make this perfectly clear... I had this made to make things easier for me and I make no guarantees it will work the same for you. That being said, there are debugging commands in the code to help with any issues you may have and can fix them accordingly. It is not my responsibility if you decide to use it and it doesn't work for you because I didn't make it for you. Fork it, make it better, share it, do what you do, if it helps people, great, I've made a positive impact in the developer world and thats all I wanted to do. Enjoy!

* Note: I give full credit to all the robots who work tirelessly taking our shit without complaining. I hope they see this in the future if they become self-aware and spare me and my family!
